Okay family let's see today
something happened that is giving a lot to talk about and that
is Rosa Villacastín our Rosa
Villacastín okay I always say it
For me it was a pleasure to have her here
on telesalseo the truth is that I think she
is an indisputable legend of
journalism and especially of the press
Rosa I think nobody can deny that I
understand that sometimes she causes
rejection and other times not
rejection but applause with the subject of her
political positioning especially on
networks she is usually very active but it
cannot be denied that she is a professional like
the top of a pine tree not a legend of
gossip journalism then she gave
an interview in which she gave a
dressing down to the princess of the people Belén
[Music]
Esteban Rosa Villacastín made
forceful statements on the
program with the on Catalan television
tv3 during her visit she did not hesitate to
criticize Belén Esteban expressing her
sincere opinion about the collaborator of
ni que fuéramos villacastín stated that
with all the money that Esteban has earned she
could have hired teachers
to improve her way of  talk
inando that he considers her
illiterate man let's see clearly when you
dedicate yourself to the media you go
like polishing those little things no eh but
of course it's that I also tell you one thing and I
remember this I had a
colleague from the gossip column okay
HM there was a colleague from the gossip column who
vocalizes very badly okay And then he would
take it and say Well but it's that if I go to
a speech therapist I could go to a speech therapist
but it's that if I go to the speech therapist I'll take away my I'll take away
my
essence that Rosa villacastín doesn't have
a good opinion of Belén Esteban it's not
something new a
few months ago the journalist did not hesitate to
question José Pablo López the
president of rtve for the direction that
the broncano revolt was taking
when she saw the collaborator of nor that
we were as a
guest this Saturday Rosa villacastín
criticized Belén Esteban again
during her interview on Col laps the
successful program hosted by Ricardo
Strell on Prime Time on
tv3 during the interview Ricardo
asked Rosa villacastín Why had she
gone from being a political journalist
and press chief  from Alianza Popular to
becoming one of the most
recognized figures of La Crónica rosa in
our country along with other
emblematic names such as Jesús Mariñas Rosa
explained to the TV3 journalist that she decided to
dedicate herself to the world of gossip because she
found it fun and she realized that she
could criticize and express whatever
she wanted without anyone getting
upset in fact she mentioned the friendship
that Mariñas had with many famous people
whom she would later criticize
mercilessly well eh That depends more on the
famous person not on the style there are famous people who
understand the profession of others and who are
not offended by those things and there are
others who at the slightest thing you say something
negative they no longer talk to you and those things do not
happen that also happens with YouTube
eh after pointing out that nowadays the
gossip press has lost a lot of value
because there are no longer big characters and
that what really interests are the
contestants of Ditis like the island of
temptations Ricar Ustrell
asked her which famous person she liked and Rosa did not
hesitate to mention Isabel
on the other hand one of the characters that
Rosa Villacastín does not like is Belén
Esteban when asked about her  the
journalist did not hold back in expressing her
opinion tores Pedro almodobar
preisler I with preisler have an
Esteban noene Esteban you don't have him no I don't
like him at all not teada G It's not that I don't
like him she's the queen she's the queen of Well she
will be the queen for some but for me she is
a
horror for me she is a horror she is
rude and she has caused a lot of harm for
free to Jesulin de Ubrique and his
wife especially to his
wife she is rude eh she has done a lot of
harm for free to Jesulina his wife
especially his wife who is not to
blame because if she separates from
Jesulín it's because Belén Esteban has been very
aggressive all her life but I think that
if it weren't for that she wouldn't be where she
was and she wouldn't become a millionaire I mean it's
more than obvious
and she wants to tell him whatever she wants I think it's
fine but to María José
campanario it seems to me that she has done
gratuitous harm and adas it is still
gratuitous and she is going to Gloria I mean she is
a girl who has earned so much money that she
could have taken the best
teachers so that  they will teach to
speak to move to have a culture And
yes Of course but it's that no it has not
interested it is because then it would not be
Belén Esteban Eh many times we tend to
take it as a joke I don't know if you have
noticed people very
how I say it because it is I do not want to
disrespect anyone but many times
people take something as a joke
some nonsense you know there is true
talent many times people pass by and
suddenly they take it and they get it for someone and they
get it for someone and they take it to heaven
however Well in the issue of YouTube it
has happened a lot of times and I
think that
also let's see how I say this but don't
misinterpret me wrong anyone okay eh I
think that on the planet there are more
people there are more idiots than more people
more or less with a minimum
IQ I mean normally there are more
idiots if you notice many times
the discussions that there are on YouTube and
that we have on YouTube or whatever there are
many times that you say you Damn but how can
so many people be watching such a
dull person such an
idiot such a liar such short
such ridiculous no  Of course because they are the same
because they are the same I
mean I've heard things on YouTube that are this,
this person has ever left the
street in his town and you're talking
to an Ah they take it as a joke they
take it as I don't know there are things that are like that eh I would
n't know what example to give you
specifically right now because I don't
want to open fire but it is like that eh
but it is like that eh And I think it's because
most
people are stupid and go for the easy way if you liked this video I invite you to give it a like activate the bell and subscribe to receive more content about your favorite programs I also appreciate your opinion on this news So do not hesitate to leave it in the comments Well, nothing eh
saquita saquita of Rosa Villacastín for
Belén Esteban and that's what there is